Characters
William Armstrong - Defense Attorney
Cynthia Meyers - Defendant
Brian O' Sullivan - Victim, owner of Andromeda hospital
Graham Richards - Prosecutor
Yuri Chang - Killer
Amelia Daniels - Mentor/Defense
Judge

EVIDENCE

- Autopsy Report
Date: July 14th, 2017 | Time: 2:00 pm
Cause: Heart Failure
No signs of a struggle…

- Orange Envelope
An envelope with a strong double seal
Given to by Cynthia before the murder

- Mr. Sullivan’s Medical Chart (Page 1)
Date Created: January 12th, 2017
Two lines are highlighted in red.
“Bullet located near left ventricle”
“…Avoid caffeine to prevent complications…”

- Crime Scene Photo
A photo depicting Mr. Sullivan’s Body.
A large canteen and 2 coffee mugs sit on his desk.
His coat still looks brand new…

- Canteen and Mugs
A canteen for holding a hot drink.
No traces of poison, but there are traces of espresso coffee.
 
- Mr. Sullivan’s Medical Chart (Page 2)
Date Created: January 12th, 2017
Describes a failed bullet removal surgery
Operation lead by Yuri Chang


Death due to heart failure
Bullet wound near heart, Surgery performed and failed earlier by Yuri Chang, scar re-opened during murder

No traces of poison in cup or body
Drank coffee before the murder
Body slumped over the desk. No traces of struggle or blood.

"The coffee didn't contain poison... The coffee...WAS THE POISON!!"

Testimony 1
1. I was walking in in the halls close to the main office,
2. When all of a sudden, there was a loud crashing sound.
3. I turned and ran towards the office where the sound originated,
4. and saw a woman running away. Nervous, I peeked inside…
5. Mr. Sullivan… had been shot to death!
6. The person who ran…it was definitely her!

Present the Autopsy Report on the 5th statement. Mr. Sullivan died of heart failure, not a gunshot! Richards will then raise an interesting point to counter this; there was a bullet found in Brian’s body during the autopsy. He will add the Crime Scene Photo and Mr. Sullivan’s Medical Chart (Page 1) to the Court Record after saying this, so review those items shortly after. He will then claim that the victim must have been shot, since this bullet is what caused the heart failure.

You’ll need some more proof, and Ms. Daniels will help you find it. She’ll ask you to look at the Crime Scene Photo to find something suspicious. If you look closely at the body, you’ll see that there is no bullet hole in his coat! Choose “There’s no bullet hole” when prompted. Then, present the Post Crime Scene Photo to wipe this evidence in the witness’s face!

Of course, Yuri has quickly concocted another testimony to clear up the issue. She’s become a bit more careful, however, so you’ll need to draw out some more information.

Testimony 2
1. I was at the office door when it happened, actually.
2. She fired a shot underneath his jacket at point-blank!
3. That’s why there was no hole in his coat.
3. BANG! And he fell to the desk.
4. She ran away after that, and so did I, to call the police!

Although she is lying, you can’t prove it. You’ll need to make her talk a bit more. Press the 2nd statement. You’ll ask her to be more specific about the firing of the shot. She will then claim that the two were fighting for control of the gun, but Mr. Sullivan lost. When prompted, tell the judge that this line of testimony is “extremely important”. A new statement will be added to the testimony.

2. There was a struggle between them, but he lost!

Present the Autopsy Report again on this new statement. Yuri claims that Cynthia and Mr. Sullivan got into a fight, yet there were no signs of a struggle! Yuri is lacking an answer, but Richards tries to shut down this momentum by asking how the bullet got in his chest if Cynthia didn’t shoot him.

Apparently, Richards forgot to do his homework, because he gave you the perfect answer to that question! When prompted, select “Before the murder”. If Cynthia didn’t shoot Mr. Sullivan, the only other possibility would have to be that the bullet was in his chest before the murder. When prompted, select “I can prove it”. Then, present Mr. Sullivan’s Medical Chart (Page 1). If you recall, the date that the chart was created was about 6 months prior. That means that the bullet found in his chest was there before the murder. Thus, Cynthia couldn’t have fired a shot!

Yuri is quite apprehensive about this, and Richards is furious about his mistake. Time to capitalize! Now that the possibility of a gunshot is out of the question, the only possibility that remains is poison. Richards is ever ready to fight this, stating that there was no trace of poison anywhere near the crime scene. Despite this, however, William will ask for one last testimony from Yuri: Why was Yuri going to Mr. Sullivan’s office in the first place?

Testimony 3
1. I-I was just called in for…lunch…with Sullivan!
2. I-I just brought in a canteen and some m-mugs.
3. There was no POISON in ANYTHING! I know what I saw!

Yuri’s getting angry and defensive, so you’ll need to get some more information. Before the cross-examination, Richards will confirm this testimony by adding the canteen and mugs to the Court Record. Examining it will reveal that there are traces of expresso. If you remember what the Medical Chart said, you’ll know that Mr. Sullivan needs to avoid any sort of caffeine to avoid heart complications. Thus, if Yuri brought coffee in her canteen… 

Press the 2nd statement. You need to have her reveal what type of drink she brought with her in that canteen in order to prove her guilt! Richards will object to asking about trivial matters, but the judge has your back. When he asks how important this fact is, say it is “extremely important” Yuri will stumble a bit, then say that she brought tea in the canteen. The following statement then replaces the 2nd:

I…I only brought TEA in that canteen! That’s all!

Present the canteen and mugs on this new statement. Again, the cups contain traces of coffee instead of tea; a clear contradiction. The rest of the group is a bit confused, but Yuri is reeling! Time to finish her off! When asked about the importance of this contradiction, present Mr. Sullivan’s Medical Chart (Page 1) to accuse Yuri of the murder! If Yuri brought in coffee and Sullivan drank it, then he would have had heart complications leading to heart failure! Thus, Yuri would have murdered Mr. Sullivan!

Yuri is furiously denying this accusation, but even Richards is beginning to question her credibility. Grasping at straws, she’ll say that she couldn’t have been in that room to murder him. But, you beg to differ! When prompted, present the Crime Scene Photo. Notice the canteen in the photo? It’s the exact same canteen in the Court Record! Thus, Yuri had to be in the room in order to have her canteen there.

Yuri is silent at first, but then she laughs maniacally.  She then offers one last question; how could she possibly know that giving coffee to Mr. Sullivan would kill him? In order for her to have intentionally murdered him, she would have to know about the bullet in his chest. Thus, the question arises: how did she know? Unfortunately, this is impossible to prove with the evidence that you have. Or is it?

Just when things seem lost, Cynthia will bust in to assist you! Although it’s a stretch, she’ll tell you to analyze a piece of evidence that you haven’t needed to use until this point. When prompted, choose “the orange envelope” After this, William will open it to reveal…the second page to Sullivan’s Medical Chart! It will be added to the Court Record.

Examine the new page you’ve just received. It describes a failed removal surgery to remove a bullet from Sullivan’s Chest; the operation was headed by… Yuri Chang! You found her answer! When prompted, present either the Orange Envelope or Medical Chart (Page 2) and watch her break down! She will ask for your name and say that you remind her of Sullivan before passing out.

After the breakdown, Richards reports that Yuri was taken away by the bailiff and had admitted to everything. Furthermore, Richards will admit that his pride led to his downfall and that he was a fool to treat you like a simple rookie. The case has settled down, and all that is left to do is declare a verdict!

NOT GUILTY!

WHAT REALLY HAPPENED
6 months before the incident, Brian O' Sullivan was shot in the chest by an unknown assailant (not related to the case). Miraculously, he survived the shot, but he needed immediate surgery. So he was shipped to his personal doctor and surgeon, Yuri Chang. Despite her best efforts, she failed to extract the bullet from Brian's chest, so she simply put a heart monitor on him to ensure that his heart stayed below a certain beat. This would ensure that the bullet would stay in place in his chest as long as his heart never beat too fast. When Brian found out about the failed operation, he became furious and fired Yuri, effectively stripping her of her money and status. She kept her calm demeanor, secretly virulent underneath her respectful exterior. She leaves the building, though this was not the last time that Brian would see her.

The other surgeons, afraid to reperform surgery due to Brian's unique condition, gave him every bit of advice possible in order to avoid the bullet traveling any further. No caffeine, No smoking, No drinking, and extreme care when exercising; anything to make sure that his heart beat at a steady clip.

6 months later, Brian's condition worsened. His doctors gave him about two months to live, and that he needed to tie up loose ends in his life. During his lunch break, he decided to phone in Yuri Chang, now a secretary, and have her meet him in person to apologize and establish no hard feelings. After this, he decided to call in his right-hand woman, Cynthia Meyers, to discuss who he would be handing his company over to should he pass. It is a short talk, he only hands her an orange envelope and tells her to open it when he has been declared dead. Then, Cynthia leaves, not aware that this would be the last time she would see him.

Right after Cynthia leaves, she bumps, unknowingly, into Yuri entering Brian's office. She brings with her a large canteen and two coffee mugs. She's wearing white gloves, stylish and sleek. Entering Brian's office, she sets these items on the counter while the two chat. Brian apologizes to her for everything, while Yuri apologizes for her failure; empty sentiments considering her mind has been made up. She then pours two cups from the canteen and makes a toast for Brian's family and business. The two drink the hot, sweet nectar and smile. Then, when Yuri stands up to leave, Brian' eyes widen. Once she puts her hand on the doorknob, Brian chokes and grips at his chest, where his coat-covered scar is opened. Then, as Yuri makes for the exit, Brian falls on the desk as he draws his last breath.

Police were notified by a worker who discovered Brian's body shortly after the incident. Yuri was long gone, once the police arrived, and Cynthia was unaware of the whole thing. By the time the crime scene was secured and the evidence was examined, Cynthia was declared the prime suspect and sent to the local detention center.



SCENE1
SCENE2
SCENE3

*Gavel*
Judge; The trial of Miss Cynthia Meyers is now in session.
Richards; The prosecution is prepared, your Honor.
Will; The defense is also ready, your Honor.
Judge; Hmm...
Will; I-Is something wrong?
Judge; Quite. I'm not sure I would entrust such a case to a... first timer...
	The matter at hand is quite serious after all.
Will; ... (Gee, thanks...)
Judge; I was under the impression that Ms. Daniels would be defending Miss Meyers today.
	I make no exaggeration when I say that you are one of the best attorneys of this age.
Daniels; You're too kind, your Honor. However,
	the client specifically requested that Mr. Armstrong defend her.
	And who am I to detest a request?
Judge; Fair enough, I suppose. Though this may hurt her case...
Richards; Oh please. Let the busboy defend his mistress.
	Frankly, it only makes my job easier.
Will; (Grrr... Who you calling busboy?)
*Gavel*
Judge; Very well. The prosecutor will present its case to the court.
Richard; With pleasure. Ahem.
	Brian O' Sullivan, CEO of Andromeda Hospital, was found dead in his office a few days ago.
	The autopsy report from the forensics department reveals that he died due to heart failure.
Daniels; The poor thing. He died too soon...
Richard; However, the report also indicates that this heart failure was not caused 
Will; (Evidence?! How could he possibly have evidence?! Why didn't I know about this?!)
Daniels; Relax, Armstrong.
Will; Huh?
Daniels; Even though this is court, he's not going to show you all his cards just yet.
Daniels; Just pay attention to the Record, and use what you have.
Will; (The Record, huh? Ok, I'll try...)
Judge; Very well. The court accepts this report into evidence.
*Autopsy Report added to Record"
Judge; You may call your first witness, Mr. Richards
	
Judge; 
